If you can get more than that, right,
if you can squeeze a little bit
more time and effort out there,
then consider running a couple
of user interviews, right?
Three maximum you need to do
I would say unless you're
really on I'm not talking
best practice again, but for
people like us in this workshop,
if you get three, you're doing well.
Even one, again,
something is better than nothing.
Do a little bit more
than you've done already.
So just a very easy user
interview is really
worthwhile just having a chat with people.
So you might be wondering, well,
what do you do in those interviews?
So bit of advice on how to run user
interviews if you ever wanna give it a go.
First of all identify the topics and
start questions.
So what kind of broad things
do you wanna know going in and
just write up some questions
around those topics.
Don't worry too much about it.
Don't agonize over it.
You don't need to worry about the wording
so much cuz it's gonna be a conversation.
You're gonna it's gonna be flexible,
it's gonna go off on tangents.
That's all great.
Concentrate on building rapport with
people as that's a really big one.
So begin the interview with some
like non threatening questions
to make the participants feel
comfortable in the conversation.
I often offer them tea
because I'm British and
that's what you do if
you're doing it in person.
Although increasingly you
do it remotely these days.
Then just listen more than talk.
So encourage participants
to do most of the talking.
Resist the urge to fill in
silences with your thoughts or
leading questions but keep it casual.
There's no magic way of doing it.
And the thing that I would remind you
is they've never seen a user interview
before.
So they don't know whether you're
doing it wrong or right, right?
It's more about, especially if you've
already done a bit of a survey,
doing an interview is mainly about
just getting to know the old audience,
to get feel for them and
what kind of people to be able to
picture a person in your
mind when you're doing it.
And don't be afraid to ask
some follow up questions.
If they say something particularly
interesting or unexpected,
ask follow up questions.
I ask the question why a lot?
An annoying amount.
So why did you do that?
Or why did that annoy you or whatever?
I call it the belligerent
toddler approach.
Why, why, so, yes.
Then of course, once you've done the
interview, if you put on all this effort
to do an interview it's worth kind of
making sure you use it effectively.
I tend to get a load of quotes
together from the interview because
it's great to be able to throw them
into presentations and quote users.
Cuz one of the big things you find when
interacting with stakeholders is two types
of stakeholders.
The stakeholders that are driven by data,
right?
They're the ones that want
your survey results, right?
73% of people got annoyed at
this particular thing, right?
That resonates with them.
And then there's the other group of people
that are the more empathetic people that
just want a really sweaty quote saying
how much somebody got annoyed with
one particular thing and
that was swing them.
Together it works really well if
you can get away with doing both.
So collecting those quotes
together is really worth while.
It's worth getting transcriptions, which
is mind blowingly easy these days with AI,
because it means that you can search
through them and highlight stuff for
future reference.
And if you got a little
bit of extra time and
I agree this does take a bit more time,
I create what I call a highlights reel,
or sometimes I call it a horror video.
So, the highlights reel is a kind
of collection of the key points,
that people are making just so
that people get an overview of it.
Other times I create a horror reel,
which is where I wanna scare stakeholders
into letting me do what I wanna do.
And so I just feel it with all of the most
frustrating and annoying moments and
I send it around to stakeholders.
Normally, only 90 seconds, something
very short and snappy just to kinda
get a reaction from them and
kinda get them caring a little bit more.
You could do all of this via Zoom,
but actually,
there are some other tools out there
that you might wanna consider.
You might be a Zoom person, you might
be a Google Meet person, Team person,
all of those you can do it.
If you can scrounge a little bit of money
together, I do recommend look back because
it's much easier for highlighting bits
it does the transcription for you.
It makes it easy to create those low
light videos and stuff like that.
You only need to get it for one month,
you pay for on month of it and
then you cancel it.
So that's a useful little
tool that I use quite a lot.
And like I said a minute ago,
don't worry about doing it wrong,
participants aren't gonna know.
[LAUGH] So just kind of have a casual
chat really, terms of questions to ask.
It's up to you but I tend to ask
a little bit of background and
context cuz I'm trying to get to know the
person a little bit and their pain points,
and their goals, and that kind of thing.
I try and get an idea of how they use
the service if they've used it before and
any challenges they encountered.
I talk about needs needs and
opportunity a lot,
how satisfied they are with the service
areas that they think should be improved.
And then I just encourage them with some
open ended feedback at the end where they
can say anything they wanna say.
If they've used it before,
any thoughts on what they've just seen or
if you've shown them the app while
you're doing a conversation.
Now these are interviews
rather than usability testing.
So it's more of a chat than it is
actually testing an interface and
we'll come on to usability testing later.